9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
Show. I'm Ivon Man with David Glass.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open markets in greater China. Our top
stories today, investors giving a tepid
response to Nvidia's sales forecast,
signaling persistent concerns about an
overheated AI sector.
>> Asian stocks, meanwhile, jumping
following a bullish session on Wall
Street while currencies hit a 16-month
high supported by a weaker dollar and a
rising yen. Also ahead, German's
Chancellor Friedri Mertz wraps up his
China visit today after meeting
President Xi Jinping, voicing optimism
their countries can manage differences.
And the chief of LE Group's drug making
unit tells us exclusively about the
opportunities they're seeing a shift in
production away from China.
It's another day and then I think it's
another kind of tale of two AI sort of
stories that you're seeing between the
US and Asia, right? You know, we saw
what we saw when with the Nvidia after
hours seessawing a bit despite some
pretty blowout numbers. Yeah.
>> Uh but Asia still kind of riding this
pretty strongly, especially what you're
seeing with Korea. We're at records here
when it comes to Asian stocks here as
well.
>> Yeah. What's interesting to your point
is the tail also within Asia where you
have the Korean names to your point
where it's still rallying hard but the
the Japanese supply chain part of Nvidia
not exactly mirroring what you're seeing
in Korea not exactly mirroring what the
projections coming out of Nvidia which
it it was very difficult to actually
find a soft spot when you look at the
Nvidia earnings apart from the fact that
markets are not impressed I guess is the
>> uh perhaps more material soft spot there
but yeah and you know that goes into the
risk rally that we're seeing across the
Asia Pacific today thanks to what's
happening in Korea. Uh not to also
mention we have great decisions coming
through. The Bank of Korea is just
coming out of course unchanged there.
And you know so I'll put the Korea story
and the Hong Kong story together where
you had the BK and the Hong Kong
government yesterday both raising their
respective growth targets for the year.
So it's going to be interesting to see
what the market reaction is going to be
day two on Hen.
>> Yeah. and on what's going to be
happening in Korea once they flesh out
this this this this the rationale behind
why they kept rates unchanged.
>> It's interesting the Hong Kong budget
that all of a sudden we're we're back to
a surplus uh right now after what has
been several years of of a budget
shortfall. So, you know, thanks to of
course what we've been seeing, right?
Capital gains. You talk about this
equity market that's really helped in
terms of them uh getting taxes and and
the like. So I think in some ways uh the
the equity market and and what we're
seeing with with Hong Kong itself is
certainly seeing a bit of a link here
these days as well. It's really a it's a
flashback from if you think about it 15
years ago when the leading names in Hong
Kong are the likes of the property names
like Sunhung Kai HSBC is doing very very
well in this market right so it's almost
pre
>> uh Chinese tech platforms in the market
that you know that version of the hang
is is actually showing out so we'll get
into all of these things in a moment uh
but certainly when you look at the
earning story that BU is going to come
out today um speaking of the Nvidia
effects um as we can see there on your
screens is showing up in Korea. Taiwan
is coming online and let's see how TSMC
is trading in the opening minutes. Um
SKH that should also be doing quite
well. Uh the second name coming up on
your screens uh shortly will be Nvidia's
biggest supplier in Japan. So there we
go. Uh certainly far from impressed. uh
pls is the that that's that's down to
the lithium story and this whole cohort
of lithium and battery related stocks
will be very much in focus today on the
separate but equally material story on
Zimbabwe suspending exports of lithium.
So we'll watch what that implications
going to be uh when things opening up
here in greater China. The dollar is
slightly stronger which means we're
slightly weaker on the on the Japanese
side of things. We at 156 still on
dollar yen. Uh Brent and gold fairly
behaved. A50 futures coming up on your
screens and dollar China at 685 686
already there as far as the exchange
rate is concerned. Very very strong
session yesterday on the Chinese
currency.
>> Yeah, 35month highs uh here right now
and not much push back from the PBC in
terms of that fix. So we'll see what we
see here today uh later on. Uh more on
of course Nvidia's results. Now let's
bring in our Asia tech correspondent
Annabelle Jewelers. She joins us now. So
I mean great earnings but not great
enough for the street still seems.
>> Yeah. I mean this is sort of I feel like
a very recurrent narrative now that that
you go into these earnings and it's
always that yeah Nvidia is going to beat
the the the consensus on Wall Street.
It's not going to top the loftiest of
projections and then investors are going
to be disappointed. And that's exactly
what we're seeing this time around. But
just in terms of the numbers so they're
saying that the fiscal first quarter
sales are going to be about $78 billion.
that was ahead of I said as I said
analyst projections the average was for
$72.8 eight. So quite a big gap there.
But the loftiest was around $80 billion.
So you're just shy of that. Uh in terms
of what we saw in the fourth quarter,
again the numbers were strong here. Uh
you can see there, well that's the first
quarter forecast, but but also in the
fourth quarter as well. Uh revenue
climbing 73% coming in just over 68
billion. Uh profit 162 a share. Again,
that's better than what uh what analysts
had been projecting. In terms of where
this money is coming from, of course,
it's really that data center unit. It
continues to be the major driver.
Actually, we saw a little bit of
weakness in the gaming division, which
is interesting because revenue or sales
there fell a little bit short of
projections, which probably would have
been a big deal a few years ago, but
you're talking about, you know, $4
billion of of revenue versus 60 billion
plus for the data unit side. So, it just
very much pales in comparison, of
course.
>> Yeah. The the law of big numbers and,
you know, the relationship of the
markets and the stock has certainly
changed over the last four quarters.
talk to us about China and what their
assumptions remain or have they changed
their assumptions in the China business?
>> Not really too much essentially. I think
they're just it's it's still really just
that big unknown for the business
because AMD in their latest results for
instance you actually saw them getting a
little bit of revenue from China but
that was because they were selling much
older technology uh they haven't
actually sold any newer chips as well
AMD but but Nvidia is still making no
assumptions around China data center
revenue in their first quarter sales
outlook. They actually had a separate
filing to the exchange where they did
say that they've essentially been green
lit from the Washington side to start
some smallcale sales uh of H200 chips to
China. But I think the big caveat here
is exactly still around how Beijing
responds and will they allow companies
to make these purchases. So yeah, as as
as Nvidia said in in their earnings to
date, they haven't generated any revenue
under the H200 licensing program and
they don't know yet whether any imports
will be allowed into the country as
well.
>> Bill, thank you so much. Annabelle
Jewelers, they're laying out the uh
Nvidia results for us. Uh also some
context and the guidance that coming
through out of the company. joining us
now to talk us through uh the earnings
and what this means for the stock and
for the company and we've been
struggling to find any soft spots here.
Maybe Beth Kindy can help us out. Uh
she's joining us out of Colorado today,
lead tech analyst at IO. Uh Beth, as
always, a pleasure and thank you for
carving out part of your time to speak
with us. Just your your take uh initial
take on on these numbers.
similar to your correspondent, the
market is growing numb to the beats and
raises that Nvidia keeps putting up. Uh
the fundamentals are as strong as ever
from this evening. In fact, the data
center growth uh data center revenue hit
a record on quarter- quarter revenue.
Uh, and then if you also look at the
fact that the CFO backed that up by
saying there would continue to be
quarter-carter growth throughout
calendar year 2026 and visibility into
2027 plus that 6 billion beat on the
data center. Uh, David, I don't think we
could have gotten a stronger report
tonight. Yet, as you can see, the price
action is quite muted.
Why do you think that is? Is it just
expectations? Is there anything in the
near-term horizon that you think that
could continue to weigh on this stock?
>> There could just be some fatigue over
the AI economy and the many question
marks around the circular investments.
What I foresee happening is that
analysts will have to go very likely
have to go revise estimates upward after
the report we just got. Six billion
dollar beat and then of course saying
quarterquarter growth expected the rest
of the year. Uh that is implying and
they also point blank said we are going
to exceed the 500 billion that we had
guided between Blackwell and Reuben.
Just all across the board analyst
estimates are probably too low. they
will have to go revise them and the
stock price will catch up intraquarter
>> and I guess in totality Beth you look at
you put this report together with the
last let's call it four quarters uh what
does the trajectory look like to you as
far as the company's concern longer term
and I still remember a conversation some
quarters back is it still a 10 trillion
uh market cap company is that still the
underlying longerterm north star here
>> yes so as the market plays tugofwar over
Is the AI economy booming or are there
concerns around the AI economy and
Nvidia continues to beat regardless of
what you know this debate is concluding?
The stock just keeps getting cheaper and
cheaper to the point where it's becoming
an obvious buy in my opinion. Uh we're
at April lows on valuation, sales ratio,
and earnings ratio. Back to your point,
David, about this 10 trillion. Yeah,
it's very it's very possible because if
you do the math of where this revenue is
headed along with typical valuation for
Nvidia, they are well on their way after
this evening.
>> Okay. I think sentiment as you say has
been quite fragile given this whole
scare trade uh whether we're seeing in
software and other sort of industries
now and people are really questioning
how to look at AI. Is it really a
friend? Is it really a foe? How should I
be looking at this whole scare trade
now? Has it been been overdone? Is it
actually opening up a lot of
opportunities for you, Beth?
>> I love buying AI stocks lower,
especially if they're suppliers. Um,
however, when I look at the scare trade
and and you look at some of these notes
that have come out around, you know,
spiraling unemployment, uh, somewhat
dystopian around an economic collapse,
those kinds of things. uh they're not
these notes are not reflecting a
balanced view to where what is the
positive that AI is bringing that we're
not hearing that piece which is that by
lowering cost there could be a wave of
entrepreneurship uh by lowering costs
you know exponentially uh margins are
going to expand and there could be cost
savings so I think a more balanced
approach to where uh these margins are
expanding which is great profits are
increasing which is great uh needs to be
reflected as well.
>> Right, Beth? That probably applies to
most of the AI scare trade list. What
about specifically software? How do I
look specifically at that pain point?
>> Software is very interesting because I
had put out a note in December of 2022
that there was an alarming amount of
deceleration in revenue from that
category, that sector. um because there
was such a massive pull forward from
COVID. What I was seeing is quarter-
quarter and year-over-year deceleration.
So, basically software has flatlined for
three years with or without AI competing
and now AI is moving in on its territory
and AI is getting blamed for what is
actually very typical disruption around
tech. For example, um mo mobile had two
to three million apps at one point. Now,
we use 20 apps. Uh that's another
example of the consolidation we've seen
in tech which is also happening to cloud
software
>> and for those thinking you know what's
the most durable sort of play for for AI
right now you know most of us in Asia
have talked to analysts that say look
it's going to be
>> the Koreas right that's why I'm seeing
the cost that's still up some 40% this
year alone do I still focus on the the
picks and shovels of the whole AI supply
chain or you know or or how are you
looking at it now
>> yes when I'm asked if AI in a bubble. I
point to the fact that bubbles typically
show signs of over supply. Therefore, by
concentrating where supply is
constrained, there's defensibility to a
portfolio. To your point, memory from
the Koreas, excellent spot. Uh, of
course, we have Micron in the United
States. uh if you go and look at those
numbers, they are showing extreme levels
of supply constraints to where you might
even see the word crisis uh especially
as more HBM memory is needed with each
generation of GPU. Uh so overall I
really like to stay where the supply is
constrained because that's the opposite
of what defines a bubble.
>> Absolutely. Beth, can I also just get
your take just to circle back on Nvidia,
but also bring in AMD uh if you could
and this pitch that
it's it's to to you know AMD to catch up
to Nvidia and I I wonder whether that
there is a threat to Nvidia's mode. Is
there room for two horses here? Uh do
you think AMD can be successful in that
endeavor?
>> I do think AMD will be successful in
taking some market share from Nvidia.
Nvidia represents the whole pretty much
the whole pie at least in the GPU
market. Uh what what that means is the
Pi will continue to grow although Nvidia
will not have such a dominant market
share. Um what we saw from Meta with the
6 gawatt deal on top of OpenAI's 6
gawatt deal for 12 gawatt that's
actually very very massive. Uh Microsoft
puts out about 2 gawatts a year right
now and the United States had a Stargate
deal worth 10 gawatt. So right now those
two deals are exceeding Stargate. Uh
that's a massive vote of confidence from
some pretty big players. I just want to
emphasize that 12 gawatt total. Pretty
big.
Beth, great to have you. Beth Kendi
there, lead tech analyst at IO Fund. Uh
in terms of what to watch, of course, it
is going to be the chip space very
closely here in the greater China area.
Asshare rally certainly has been one to
watch. We're near those 10-year highs
when you look at the Shanghai Composite.
So uh 4165 according to my eyes that's a
level to watch. Uh rem strength as we
talk about 35mon highs and certainly we
saw a pretty big intraday moves
yesterday to the upside uh for the
remmbb. So we'll see what the fix brings
in a few seconds. Uh trip.com there was
some information on on this probe and
and really the latest and in terms of
investigation. So certainly that's one
to watch in terms of the stock itself.
Uh earnings also came out uh when it
comes to the fourth quarter which did
beat estimates. Uh and we also of course
have the German chancellor in China and
we are still waiting for some FDI data.
>> Yeah. In terms of sectors to watch,
there's an overlay from this of course
into where specific groups were tracking
today. We talked about lithium and the
ban coming out of uh Africa, Zimbabwe
specifically. So that goes into lithium
that goes also into battery which also
might go into car makers as a another
pinch on the margins there if those
upstream prices do go up property. We'll
talk more about this in a moment. copper
still up on my screens right now as far
as the Shanghai copper uh contract is
concerned and this we haven't even
gotten to the earning story here.
>> Yeah. So, companies to watch, right? BU
certainly has been one. Analysts have
been quite pessimistic in some ways
about really the AI sort of applications
and whether they can deliver as well.
Sunhungai actually is the opposite
story. In fact, as Dave mentioned, it's
one of the best performing stocks that
we've seen on the hang of late. So, uh,
those earnings are likely set to be
pretty rosy here and really many on the
sell side are saying and are calling for
a recovery there on the back of course
of that Hong Kong budget and what we've
been seeing when it comes to luxury
taxes. We'll see how that impacts of
course the real estate sector too.
>> Right. Uh, just ahead here see uh the
German chancellor is in town last day
that visit of course to China seeking
better ties with Beijing amid these
lingering worries over global trade and
supplies of key materials. Oh, look at
how that theme looped back in. Uh we'll
get the latest on the German leader
visit coming up next. Counting down to
the open of trade. Uh Shanghai Shenzhen
and here in Hong Kong, we're about 13
minutes away. A gloomy day, a weak fix,
a weaker currency. Futures are pointing
to the upside though. This is the China
show.
All right. Uh the future is looking
bright.
um on markets uh equally. There we go on
your screens. We're poised to open
higher today. A weak fix though coming
through out of the PBC.
>> Yeah, maybe finally getting a little bit
more push back from the PBOC on the
strength that we've seen in the
currency. We didn't get that much sort
of intervention yesterday. So today
maybe could be at least slowing down the
rally that we've seen in the currency.
So we're 68543,
but as we mentioned, it's the highest
level we've seen in about 35 months. So
certainly uh that is a source of I guess
brightness as as Dave has mentioned
there. Uh let's talk a little bit more
about geopolitics because we have
Germany and China expressing optimism
that they can overcome their differences
on trade and geopolitics to forge
stronger ties. And Chancellor Friedrich
Mers wraps up his two-day visit today
with a trip to the AI hub of Hjo.
>> Both the Chinese and the Germans are
aware that our economic exchange
contributes significantly to the
prosperity of both countries. The fact
that two of the world's three largest
economies are engaged in trade with each
other generates great momentum both for
us and beyond. The potential that still
exists here is also evident from this
trip.
>> Let's bring in our chief North Asia
correspondent Stephen Angel. Seems like
both sides sound pretty rosy. What What
did we achieve in this trip? Well,
they're saying the right things right
now because if you I'll take you back in
history as I always do to give context
because Friedick Mertz when he was uh
campaigning to be chancellor and he
became chancellor in May, he was fairly
hawkish on China. Uh maybe that's dating
back to his experience at Black Rockck
as well as at prominent law firms. Uh
but again he he cautioned German
industries to maybe pull back or not
invest as much in the Chinese economy
because there's lots of issues uh with
the overcapacity that the Chinese
industrials are sending to Europe
whether it's EVs and batteries and other
things that threatens the likes of BMW
and Mercedes on their home turf but also
at home as well where Mercedes is in the
good fight against uh the onslaught of a
price war by Chinese EVs and the like.
I'm getting into the weeds here a little
bit, but again, he has a lot of trade
and commercial issues with China uh
leading up to this trip, as well as
geopolitical. Keep in mind, Germany is
one of the biggest outspoken um uh
voices, if you will, against Russia's
war in Ukraine and the de facto tangent
connection that Beijing has by
supporting uh Moscow, that is a
contentious issue for Friedrich Mertz.
So all that aside, they're saying the
right things. He's taking a bit of more
of a pragmatic approach. Uh he wants to
see how Germany can work. They're a big
industrial power, a big exporter, just
like China is. How can they work with
China going forward given the new world
order as Mark Carney in his trip to
Beijing really sort of dramatically
stated. Uh he's less drama, very
pragmatic in his speech. we just heard
him. Uh but again, there is this new
dynamic with the trade war that Donald
Trump launched. And perhaps perhaps the
United States is not as a reliable
partner as Friedrich Mertz, who's been a
longtime advocate of the United States
once presumed.
>> Uh he's wrapping up his trip, as we were
pointing out in Tech Hub, Hjo. He's
probably not going to be there for West
Lake or Harry Krabs.
>> No, he's part of he's going to see the
humanoid robots. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Unitry is one of the biggest humanoid
robotic companies that do all the, you
know, the back flips and the kung fu and
all that. So, he's going there as well
as a seaman's factory as well as a
Mercedes factory in Beijing today before
going to Hongjo. But the crown jewel
perhaps of this uh you know state visit
and also a business delegation trip to
China. It's only two days. They're
packing in a lot. But Mertz is saying
that Xiinping has alluded to the fact
that there could be 120 plane order from
Airbus imminently. We don't know which
models of the Airbus, but we do know
that they make or they do final assembly
of the A320s and A321s in Tanzin. There
could be an order, he says, for about
120 aircraft. And that dovetales nicely
with Donald Trump's trip coming up at
the end of March uh where David Purdue,
the US ambassador to China, told me at a
conference, the Goldman conference just
uh last month or earlier this month, I
can't remember. He said last month,
>> yeah, last month he is he essentially
said yes, the Boeing aircraft order
possibly from China is going to be high
up on the agenda.
>> China hasn't bought Boeings in a long
time, many many years. So again, that
fight is ongoing.
>> Steve, thank you so much. Steven Angel,
our chief North Asia correspondent. Uh
the remb fixer today was set at the
weakest relative to estimates on record,
610 basis points. interesting that we
are getting uh well the opposite uh
reaction. We are seeing substantial
strength coming through. I promise you
we'll get you a context on this massive
move that we're seeing currently in the
Chinese currency to the upside. And you
know what? As I speak, we getting closer
and closer, yes, to 685
on the exchange rate.
Yeah, hanging tech hangs China doing
well. So we are poised to gap modestly
higher at the open today.
>> Yep. So it looks like we are seeing a
bit of recovery here. Of course we talk
about B talk about Sunong Kai. Uh those
are going to be the earnings that are
going to be leading the charge here
today. In terms of stocks to watch, uh
it is going to be the tech space and
then there's going to be this lithium
story. There you go. Uh on the back of
the Zimbabwe ban on exports of of
lithium. You already seeing some of
these stocks across the region surging
on that news. New GMA lithium up close
to 5 and a half%. You're watching the
China show. The open is next.
Welcome back. Uh you're watching the
China show. So a couple of things on
deck today. Earnings. So you have some
big names coming through in the tech and
real estate space. Just to name a few.
Uh this Hong Kong rally that's taking
place in the form of a hingen index uh
that is of a 20200's version of it
showed up right when you look at bring
>> HSBC and Sunungai leading the rally here
today. Very very OG Hangen version. I
have to say my mother's been asking how
long should I stay on my HSBC shares.
You know the retail investors are asking
uh where more further record uh when it
comes and yeah earnings certainly helped
that as well. Interesting too with the
likes of UBS saying you know there is a
bit more maybe 20% upside when it comes
to Msei China here. They're saying there
could be some potential for a reflation
this year in China. So you know James
Weing his team saying valuation rerating
stronger earnings growth could be
underway.
>> Didn't you see that last year? Yeah, we
got to get them back on the show, right?
So, that's what their bottomup survey
suggests here for 2026 here. And they're
focusing uh mostly on, you know, how
they're able to raise prices these
companies due to sales pressure.
Earnings expectations would be lowered
as well given the input costs. But then
again, um you know, we'll see the
downside risk for their MSEI China if
that's the case. All right, let's take a
look when it comes to the open here.
Right now, onore markets are still doing
quite well. We we we wanted to note when
it comes to the Shanghai composite,
right? We are actually near decade highs
uh for that benchmark. So certainly
that's one thing to watch. 4150 is sort
of where we stand right now. Uh we'll
watch very closely what happens when it
comes to of course the tech space given
the fact that Nvidia earnings, you know,
they they impress but then not enough,
right? And so the after hours trade was
a bit seesaw here and we ended up
actually climbing down and and really
reversing some of the initial gains uh
initially. That's actually helped in
some parts of Korea, in parts of Taiwan,
you know, the picks and shovels and chip
stocks. You know, we had Beth Kindick
from IO Fund just came on and said,
"Look, if you have any concerns about AI
bubble, just look at these tech
constraints or supply constraints that
we're seeing in memory." And that just
goes to show and that dispels all the
concerns about uh when it comes to being
in a bubble. So yes, uh that's why
you're still seeing that dispersion and
quite a heavy one across some of these
Asia sort of names. Capricorn Tech is
not doing a whole lot here today. We're
watching CL though just given the impact
on the Zimbabwe ban on lithium that is
impacting parts of that supply chain. So
CL a shares are down uh more than 2%
right now. Take a look how Hong Kong is
fairing here today. So uh it looks like
you know that budget was actually quite
actually positive right we're surprised
to the upside when it comes to we have a
budget surplus the first time in a few
years. Uh and so you know a lot of it
has to do with some of you know the
taxes have been gone profit taxes and
the like and really the capital gains
that we've been seeing in this equity
market and they're really redeploying
that back into AI. So certainly there is
some more I guess upside maybe or maybe
a potential for growth to to actually be
uh higher here. So of course we did see
uh the growth prospects the outlook from
Paul Chen yesterday was quite favorable.
HST we're flat here right now but look
at the property sector continues to
outperform today. We have suddenai
earnings coming through later on. They
are the one of the ones that's been
leading this recovery among the
developers here today. And there you go.
We're seeing another 2% upside for the
stock. CK Hutch also up uh some 2%.
There was that talk about the the luxury
tax right on property.
>> Yeah. The stamp duty.
>> Um so we have JL coming on later on
saying that you know it might have an
impact maybe initially but then they
still expect to see some bit of a
recovery to continue here uh when it
comes to stamp duties as well. Uh let's
look at the the local sort of chip
making sort of sector here. the SMIC's
homes uh continues to do quite well
decently higher here today here. HStech
catching a slight bid right now. You're
watching BK lines.
>> Yeah. Uh details from the statement out.
So they've kept the interest rate
unchanged at 2 and a half%. It was a
unanimous decision and the projections
the median projection shows that that is
where the cash rate is expected to be in
6 months time. So, um, prolonged hold
there coming through out of the BK this
time the next hour. We'll be pouring
over the press briefing of course which
is scheduled of course to begin in about
45 minutes uh from now. But there we go.
BK rate decision coming through by the
way uh on the back of the Thai rate
decision which came out yesterday just
to sort of close the loop on monetary
policy here.
>> Yep. All right. Well, we're still
focusing on some of these AI names here
in particular when it comes to China. So
BU is the next one to post fourth
quarter earnings today under pressure
though to prove that its AI investments
are on track to paying off. Just look at
the stock right the past month or so
it's down nearly 20% in Hong Kong as
investors seek tangible results for
more. Let's bring in our China
correspondent Mimman Low on really the
the growth issues that this company
still is dealing with.
>> Yeah, I think it's an industrywide
issue, right? you look look at the tapet
market results uh market reaction to
Nvidia and you can tell that the
expectations are just sky-high for these
AI names and BU is such a
wellestablished names it's one of the
very first to roll out a chat GPT like
service in China but then after that
there had been so many other names that
came out with their own models from the
big names like Tencent Alibaba the Qin
model is very popular bite dance has it
its own model as well and then you have
the new upstarts like deepseek you have
the likes of Jupu Minax that just
debuted very strong debuts in Hong Kong
that really drew a lot of cash away from
the big names. The big three giants like
Tencent, Alibaba by BU all see their
stock price stock prices all down over
the past month but BU is the worst of
the three. Um and so we are looking at
revenue and profit um this time expected
to decline um yeah revenue and profit
expected to decline on year uh primarily
it's because of the advertising business
the core business that is of course very
tied to um the broader economy but also
there's just not enough evidence that
its AI spending is actually bearing
fruit. Uh separately we're also looking
at shares of Xiaomi today uh really on
the back of well this was an incident of
course which took place many months back
but what do we know about the latest
development there and what the stock is
perhaps doing.
>> Yeah so this is uh according to what
Tyson has reported they got hold of the
jud uh the judicial report uh the
forensic report as well um of what
happened this relates to that accident
back in October of last year a fatal
accident that killed three people. So,
uh, the local police police suspected
that the driver was drunk and it was
traveling at a speed of over 160 km per
hour and it collided with a vehicle in
front of it. Um, and that impact caused
a short circuit of the battery which
controlled the electrical door releases.
Now, the problem is the car didn't have
an external mechanical release. So, even
the bystanders who saw the accident
couldn't help to open the door. And when
they smashed the windows to try to open
it from the inside, they found that the
door was still jammed. Um, so the car
after colliding with the vehicle, it hit
the curb and it exploded three times in
5 minutes. Uh, and the the report from
uh the the liability report now puts the
full responsibility on the driver. But
the family is contesting it, saying that
because the the death was called caused
by the fire rather than the collision.
and they're saying that this is partly
due to the failure the safety lack of
safety uh mechanisms in the car.
>> Okay. Uh Minman, thank you so much. Min,
there were the latest on both those uh
stories. Certainly the development as it
pertains to the car door. Of course, a
few weeks back, China came out and said,
you know, no more of that
>> uh specific design uh to the to the door
of the car. Uh we're just to circle back
to markets right now. And by the way on
on the BYU story, we'll be joined
tomorrow by Alicia Yap coming to you out
of Cityroup of course to help us unpack
that and also just to understand well
for one they have a buy rating on their
stock but also just to understand why
the substantial underperformance we're
seeing across the Chinese platform names
and is there a catalyst that actually is
uh puts that uh trend uh to an end? Uh
S&P futures on your screens. We're still
tracking of course the developments as
it pertains to the Nvidia story and it's
interesting given the backdrop of the AI
scare trade that's um uh been dominant
across these markets. Joining us here on
set to talk us through all these things
is Marcela Chow, global market
strategist at JP Morgan Asset
Management. Here with us on set. Very
nice to see you.
>> Same here. Happy Chinese New Year.
>> Happy Chinese New Year to you too. Um
how how are you looking at this AI scare
trade
>> right now? Yes. ongoing like AI
disruption concerns have actually
triggered like this notable shift
because we see a new page of like AI um
story or leaders have actually emerged.
It's not defined more no longer by just
the mega cap or the ones investing into
AI but those that may actually be um
reshaped or other sectors that are
reshaped by AI. So we see actually
broadening out that we have always been
talking about is happening actually
beyond uh and within us and across to um
not just enablers uh not just like the
innovators but into like enablers and
for example industrials, utilities,
materials sector and also the adopters
in like financials and healthcare. So
it's broadening it out beyond just the
tax sector. And this AI is no longer
just a tech narrative. It's a cross
sector crosset market story now. And in
indeed overnight we saw the earnings it
was better like better than expected and
uh but then the AI anxieties continue to
actually penalize the ones with like cab
surprises over the ones with like oh
good revenue um surprises but one key
thing that Ivonne highlighted is that we
see that the computing demand remains
quite strong and that's actually a good
thing for Asia especially Asia AI and
the hard tech because we see that
computing demand remains strong and so
the infra infrastructure buildout which
actually needs a lot of as long as data
center remains to be built and um
constructed um semiconductors, power,
energy, uh networking, they will still
be in huge demand and so that will
benefit like Korea and um Taiwan those
hardware and high-tech um providers that
have actually been outperforming that
US.
>> What about when it comes to China AI?
China AI is another good story as well
that we remain constructive on China
because of like AI adoption and also
it's across different sectors not just
agentic AI but into like um physical AI
as well like robotics and then also like
semiconductors as well and we we
recently saw innovation like fintech and
also into biotech so those will also
benefit within China and especially with
like uh the self-sufficiency that
suggests that uh and also policy support
definitely So that will suggest we will
need to continue to see the policy
support from the MPC whether they will
be uh leaning towards uh rebalancing and
whether there will be uh prompting for
like higher quality growth and a focus
on tech.
>> I we probably need to define
more slightly the what we mean by
Chinese Chinese AI right because Chinese
AI 6 months ago those were the dudes of
the world the tech giants
>> the tech giants they've underperformed.
So when we say we'd like Chinese AI,
what is that? Can we be more specific on
the group? Is that the hardware names or
something?
>> The startups, right? We've seen support
into focusing across the spectrum as
well because um software these days
there are questions about oh is it too
big and then focusing um instead of like
the small startups that are focusing on
um developing the um uh agents etc. So
going forward I think uh both will
benefit and especially I guess the
demand demand story will actually also
benefit because domestic demand even
though it's slowly recovering we see
that the demand sufficiency or demand uh
internally should be able to suffice and
uh with this actually financials as well
we've seen the software um that have
actually um disrupt the whole um
financial ecosystem as well with uh tech
especially innovation. So going forward
across this sector not just within US
within China as well we see that uh um
that will benefit several sectors and
also we'll need to see right now because
with um several startups have actually
um um disrupted the recent um AI startup
stories within China. We'll like to see
whether this will sustain but with the
for example AI six tigers that we have
seen in China and uh but then the soft
well we right now we've seen the
infrastructure buildout story that will
continue to suggest computing demand
that suggests hardware will also be one
key thing and the software will need to
see whether this is sustainable
>> um
>> understood okay
>> yeah you mentioned NPC and maybe any
sort of tech focus is certainly one
thing what else could be a potential
catalyst
>> market right now is focusing on the
state council government report and also
the fiscal budget that will be delivered
on the day on day one March 5th and then
afterwards it will be uh it will be
delivered and also approved by the NPC
and so there will be several numeric
targets whether the GV GDP targets we're
seeing around 4.5% to 5% so suggesting a
pramatic shift to um higher quality
growth focusing probably uh pro probably
to like tag and also rebalancing there
might be an announcement on consumption
ion ratio because right now consumption
ratio is set at is currently around 39
to 40%. It's much lower than global
standard around 60 to 70%. So uh if they
indeed suggest like a consumption ratio
that they need to achieve by probably 20
35 that suggests there will be a focus
on boosting consumption more structural
reforms going forward. So this is
another focus that market is looking at.
Can I just ask you any thoughts on Hong
Kong has really outperformed in terms of
the market like Hong Kong specific
names? Do is there any do you have any
thesis on to why that's happening and
whether that continues whether it's
property or the banks here uh listed in
the city? property one one thing and
probably retail hopefully uh slowly
recovering that will also benefit and um
overnight we got the um the report for
the budget and um that was well received
by the market as well and hopefully but
I guess we'll still see what the
implementation will be key and whe that
that will uh deliver and actually
continue to um because right now it's
still even within um Hong Kong demand is
still being affected so domestic demand
is still a um subdued. So going forward
and especially with the ongoing
geopolitical tensions that may um affect
also uh Hong Kong market that is more
affected by the global sentiment very
>> but then one thing is um other than um
the MPC I think afterwards market will
focus on the China earnings season that
will peak in the third week of March
>> and also the second thing is um um
President Trump will be visiting China
at the end of March. So hopefully that
will suggest this first time in 9 years.
So hopefully that will suggest uh um
improvement in the geopolitical tensions
and that will hopefully bring back a bit
of response sentiment within Hong Kong
and China.
>> Okay, March is not going to be a quiet
one.
>> Yeah. No,
>> thank you for that reminder, Marcela
Chow there, our global market, our
global market strategist there, JP
Morgan Asset Management. Just to end on
that last uh theme that we just
mentioned there, Hong Kong continues to
outperform. Check that out. MCI Hong
Kong up 1.4%. 4%. The rest are slightly
to the downside.
>> And coming up, the Pentagon reportedly
takes steps towards putting Enthropic on
a blacklist, usually reserved for
companies from geopolitical rivals like
China. Well, the details next. This is
Bloomberg.
All
right, we have some reports from Axios
here reporting that the Pentagon has
asked two defense contractors about the
reliance on anthropics AI model cloud
now as seen as a first step towards
potentially designating the US company
as a supply chain risk something usually
reserved for geopolitical rivals. Yeah,
strange one. This headline if you're not
aware of the background. Bloomberg
politics editor Laura Davidson is here
with us to give us really the context
and why this is happening at this point.
>> Yeah, so this is a fight that has been
brewing between Anthropic and the
Pentagon for several weeks now. Uh
essentially um the Pentagon has a
contract to use um Anthropic's claude
model which is one of the most advanced
models in its various systems. But
there's been disagreement about how much
the Pentagon can do. Anthropic basically
says there's certain things such as
designing weapons um and you know
infiltrating uh computer systems that we
don't know what our model can do. We
don't want you to do that. And the
Pentagon is saying look we want to have
cart blanch to run this model how we see
fit you know complying with US law. And
this has really hit a fever pitch this
week with Pete Hat the defense secretary
saying look anthropic you need to give
us the ability to to use this model
model as we see fit by Friday or else we
will do one of two things. either um uh
label it um as a supply chain risk which
would essentially mean that all these
other companies Lockheed uh Boeing can't
use it. It would this is essentially
kind of blacklisting it from uh the
defense industry. Or there's another
option being considered using the
defense protection um authority. This is
essentially a Korean War era authority
that would allow the the Pentagon to say
look we need this for defense and we're
going to take it over use it how we
want. Um so this is uh you know kind of
been a a political fight. Um Anthropic
is more uh on on the the left side. Um
the CEO supported Camala Harris during
the 2024 election. This has kind of been
a both a political and policy fight uh
for several weeks now
>> because other tech companies have
actually adjusted in terms of what how
what how much the military can really
get or at least the limits of course of
AI and warfare in some ways right I mean
we've seen other companies have actually
adjusted to what HEXO has wanted in some
ways too right
>> yes it's a very nuanced conversation
some of these other companies have sort
of indicated that they're working with
the Pentagon on this whereas Anthropic
has drawn a more of a sharp line and
been very public saying no we don't know
what our model can do would do we don't
think it's safe if you try to do some of
these things because we just don't know
what this will mean in terms of the the
safety of uh US citizens as well as
others.
>> And this is something that we've seen
they use with with Huawei as well. I
mean it's quite rare to have a US tech
company be fall under this
>> framework usually. Yeah. So we're
leaving a supply chain. Yes. This is for
um a supply chain risk is something you
know for for Chinese owned companies or
you know having an Americanowned company
American CEO based in the US American
homegrown this would almost be
unthinkable. And you have some, you
know, outside observers saying that this
would really be sort of an own goal, the
US shooting itself in the foot in the AI
race if they're not allowing themselves
to use uh this technology because it's
some of the most advanced.
>> Interesting to to say the least really
that you know these are the this is this
is what's happening there. I'm sure lots
of people outside the US are watching
this really with with with popcorn. Um
Laura, thank you so much. Laura Davidson
there, of course, our Bloomberg politics
uh editor. Really the important nuance
in that story there. uh our Bloomberg
subscribers can read more about in fact
that high stakes conflict between the
company and uh the defense department
today's big take and I big takeo that's
also on bloomberg.com
uh if you have an internet connection
>> all right in another AI news this
morning Alibaba stepping up its push to
AI powered software coding by offering
lowcost access to several of its top
models users can access these products
for just over $1 for the first month
Alibaba's cloud unit says it has begun
selling tools built on the group's own
open-source model, Quinn 3.5. It's also
using platforms from startups including
JUPU, Moonshot AI, and Miniaax. Reuters
is reporting that Deepseek's latest AI
model was trained on Nvidia's Blackwell
AI chip. Now, it quotes UIS officials
saying that Deepseek removed technical
indicators that might reveal its use of
American AI chips. The Chinese embassy
in Washington told Reuters that Beijing
opposes drawing ideological lines,
expansive use of export controls, and
politicizing economic trade and
technological issues. Investment firm
General Atlantic is reportedly selling a
stake in China's bite dance that values
a parent company of Tik Tok at $550
billion. According to Reuters, the sale
process was started in recent weeks with
the aim of finalizing it next month. The
reported deal highlights sustained
investor interest in the company. This
is Mumb.
In some corporate news this morning,
French utility Anji has agreed to buy
the UK's largest power distribution
network from Hong Kong billionaire
Victor Lee CK Group. The 14.2 $2 billion
transaction is expected to close in mid
2026, making Britain Ani's second
largest earnings contributor after
France. The deal comes as the UK rushes
to expand its grid to meet surging
demand from renewables, EVs, and data
centers. And we are looking at lithium
stocks in China after Zimbabwe suspended
the export of concentrates and raw
materials effective immediately. It's
part of a push for mining firms to set
up local processing operations. The
mining ministry says the ban will remain
in effect until further notice. Zimbabwe
has become a major global lithium
supplier following billions of dollars
in investments from Chinese companies.
>> All right, before we look at the equity
market implication of this, I also want
to point out you have you have the BK
decision. So that's one thing we're
tracking the yuan that's also going to
be in focus over the next 60 minutes or
so. EMFX supply is a big influx by the
way into Taiwan, which is perhaps why
we're seeing the underperformance there
today. Overheated short-term RSI
indicator on the Taiwan market, which
perhaps underscores this very sharp
dispersion we're seeing among really the
same group of companies, right? We're
looking at Taiwan uh Nvidia related
companies too, right? Chinese tech
infocus too coming up on your screens.
The semis names here and not really a
lot to tell you about as far as that's
concerned. Uh on the currency front so
in the next hour the bank of Korea will
be outlining of course their uh their uh
decision and the briefing is starting
and the strength coming through very
strong now on the Chinese currency.
Nvidia continues to surprise and delight
the market. It was a solid set of
earnings and more importantly they had a
very confident outlook for how they were
going to sell more AI chips and data
center uh product going forward. And I
think we were all looking forward to
seeing is that going to be a thing?
Could it be any bigger than this? And
they basically said yes.
>> Nvidia hit it out of the park yet again.
We saw, you know, phenomenal results.
And I think what was particularly um
maybe not surprising but impressive was
75% growth yearon year on the data
center space. They're they're still
investing and these are going to, you
know, signal good times to come for
Nvidia in our opinion. as the market
plays tugofwar over is the AI economy
booming or are there concerns around the
AI economy and Nvidia continues to beat
regardless of what you know this debate
is concluding
the stock just keeps getting cheaper and
cheaper to the point where it's becoming
an obvious buy. If you go and look at
those numbers, they are showing extreme
levels of supply constraints to where
you might even think the word crisis uh
especially as more HBM memory is needed
with each generation of GPU. Uh so
overall, I really like to stay where the
supply is constrained because that's the
opposite of what defines a bubble.
>> Yeah. some our guests there from
Bloomber TV reacting to Nvidia's
earnings and latest sales forecast and
saying look maybe it's just fatigue out
there but these numbers were pretty
solid when it comes to fundamentals. So
that's certainly one thing to watch. But
then again you take a look how markets
are doing here on a pretty foggy I guess
humidity is kind of high these days.
It's feeling a bit wet.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh it feels a bit wet I guess in in the
markets as well. We're just lower by
about a fifth of 1% here today. Eight
shares are seeing maybe more bigger
moves there down about 8/10en of 1%. uh
but it was you know after you know
optimism around the budget and the like
that we got yesterday here which did
send some positive uh you know vibes
around the outlook around the economy
and the like and maybe this market as
well Dave
>> absolutely in fact there you go right
Msei China is the the only bright spot
today across the greater Chinese markets
equity
>> Hong Kong you mean
>> sorry yes MSI Hong Kong there we go um
outperforming uh so there two things
that have emerged dominant recently
right the Hong Kong play and also the
non- tech play in China which is a
Shanghai copy of the banks there. Uh, in
fact, Shanghai comp it itself is very
near a 10-year high that's going coming
up on your screens very, very shortly,
too. So, Shanghai comp, there we go.
We're about from the current level, I
think we're about 7% from hitting a
fresh 10-year high on the benchmark
itself. We talked about MCI Hong Kong
has done well. In fact, on a longer term
basis, have a look at where we are there
in the 10-year horizon. We're back to
levels of 2021. We're still some
distance of course from the uh back to
the 2021 levels of course which
underscored at that point of course a
broader market rebound. Um, apart from
that, back to the here now. Nicke topics
Cosby when we will be getting the
briefing at some point starting in the
next few minutes out of the BK and
Taiwan which is flat right now to
underscore the uh everything but the
market theme on Nvidia. Uh, dollar China
onshore offshore dollar Japan and Korea
of course where the median projection
based on the statement suggests that the
the rate will be where it currently is
at 2 and a.5% uh over the next 6 months
or so.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So maybe some strength in in
the Korean one, but it is against a
broad kind of weaker dollar uh story
here. Yen, we'll talk about what you
know Takahi and some of those BOJ picks
as well. Uh rem continues to be strong
here despite uh one of the widest
dispersions in terms of the fix and
estimates here today. Let's more get
more on the equity side of things and
bring in Lenting to our Asia equities
managing director. She joins us from
Singapore. Uh you know the the Nvidia
story is interesting how it's kind of
playing out across the Asia region. It
seems like some of these video suppliers
in Japan are in some ways
underperforming, but Korea stands out
and still riding this whole wave in some
ways. What do you make of this whole
Asia sort of tech dispersion that we're
seeing now?
>> Yeah, I think choppiness is probably a
good word to summarize all the reactions
that we saw. Nvidia itself of course
erased all the gains to have a loss by
the end of the late trading session and
Asia suppliers largely has also erased
the gains. The reason is uh according to
a lot of analysts is that these
suppliers have really rallied hard
leading up to this report and today you
know this very solid report has
translated to a very big uh sale on the
news or profit taking event and uh it
also underscores the kind of jitterness
investors have over the sustainability
of the huge scale AI data center
buildout and as you mentioned Korea
indeed is an outperformer and that
really uh is another evidence to show
that Korea's memory chip shortage or
memory chip filled rally is really
detached from this jitterness that we
saw related to Nvidia earnings and uh
you know that also means that there is a
lot of momentum still behind the Korea
rally after it surpassed 6,000 uh
milestone uh yesterday
the the
well when you look at the FX complex
because there's an equity market
implication to this the dollar is really
gaining momentum to the downside as we
speak quite quite quite literally and I
wonder whether there's an overlay there
uh in terms of a stronger Chinese
currency and its relationship with the
equity markets here.
>> Yeah, technically speaking a stronger
yan would mean the yuan denominated
earnings for mainland companies would be
translated to higher numbers in Hong
Kong dollar uh and US dollar for those
listed overseas. But if you look at uh
you know HSI's uh moves today, it's
actually on the downside. The reason
mainly is that you know there's still a
lot of worries about these big spending
uh and uh price war among these big tech
companies Alibaba, MTON, JD, BU which
reports earnings today and Tencent.
We've talked about how they've spent a
lot of money luring end users to sign up
for their AI apps. So this kind of price
was really causing worries on their
margins. But to counter that, UBS today
did come out with a report saying that
they expect a 20% upside for the MSEI
China expecting that inflation will turn
positive. Actually 2% this year.
>> Yeah. Our if James Wong is listening uh
that's your invitation to please join
the show. Uh Lanting, thank you so much.
linting to uh our Asia equities managing
editor there in Singapore from James
Wong. Of course, if you didn't get that
reference, it's with UBS. That's a
random name I'm putting out there. Uh
the PBOC this hour, this time in the
last hour, fixing uh giving us a
midpoint that it is at a record spread
uh to estimates to estimates and of
course the the 24-hour background here
is a really weak weak US dollar going
into today. And that's what we're
getting still.
>> Yeah. Another blow to the dollar in some
ways. And that fix is is is a first here
on a 692 handle since May of 2023. So
that puts the currency now on course for
its strongest close in almost 3 years as
of course this dollar continues to
retreat. Let's bring in our chief Asia
FX and race strategist Steven Chu. He's
with us here right now. Despite that
sort of fix, we're seeing continue gains
in the currency.
>> I think the direction will be intact,
but of course the pace will be moderated
given the fixing. It's not a surprise at
all and the fixing implied that now
they're very cautious with spots heading
towards 6.8. So probably the first red
line for now in the near term is 6.8. So
there could be profit gain the gains
could slow but beyond that we know about
it weaker dollar really tailwinds in
China like all the equity frenzy and
then structural tailwinds as well. We
were one of the more positive um
analysts about the UN since last year
but we do turn cautious from here
because the gains not just against the
dollar against the basket of currency
has been quite rapid since the second
half of last year.
>> Yeah. I think 685 we were just talking
during the break. That's usually what
most analysts out there said their year
in forecast and we're only still in the
end of February right now.
>> No. Yeah. I mean two more days and it's
still it's leap year too at that.
>> Um talk to us you so you put out more
research in fact just a few hours ago on
the Chinese currency. So talk to us
about valuation.
>> I mean from a validation perspective
well there's different aspect from a
short-term perspective it's actually
quite fair because we look at rate
differential the US dollar is still
running higher rates so probably the
should weaken but if we look at the
longer term structural like the IMF like
a US treasury they argue about over 10%
undervaluation they look at current
account they look at trade plus so
depends on like what metric you want to
look at.
Um let's talk about the yen too because
it did move on the back of what we heard
from the prime minister and her
candidates to be the next few member the
members of the boj. Uh that does seem to
be a bit more of a doubbish tilt to who
she's picked. What do you make of it?
>> Absolutely it's more dobbish. So it's
more it's very consistent to the takia
trade. So markets now will still
continue to bet for a slower pace of
tightening and more fiscal stimulus
meaning that will be a weaker yen.
However, we also remember that there's
this warning from the US Treasury,
warning from the Bank of Japan or you or
like Ministry of Finance. So, there's
this like intervention risk. There's a
Takarachi trade pooling dollar yen. So,
it's going nowhere. 155 still.
>> Just a quick quick note on the Korean
one before we get the briefing beginning
here out of the BK.
>> Yeah. So, Reo obviously the next move is
more likely to be a hike, but Korean one
doesn't really move um against the rate.
It's all about equity flows and it's not
too strong at the moment. So, it's a
dollar game for now.
>> There we go. And it is a weak dollar
game.
>> Weak dollar game.
>> There we go. Stephen, fantastic. Stephen
Jud, our chief Asia and FX rate
strategist here. Coming up, uh JLL,
we're turning our attention specifically
to Hong Kong and the property market
entering this recovery, which most
people expect to be on the cards this
year. Uh the benchmark index and the
Hangen property gauge is set for a 10th
straight week of gains. That's a record
run. The Greater China co-ce joins us in
a couple of minutes. This is the China
show.
All right. Well, it was all the news
yesterday. Hong Kong is taking its first
steps away from austerity after public
finances ended their longest stretch of
deficits in two decades. Officials are
pledging billions in tech spending and
some tax relief for more than 2 million
people. Other highlights include more
investments for the Northern Metropolis
crossber tech hub as well as higher
stamp duties for home sales over 12.8
million US. But yes, the surprise of
return to surplus was certainly
something that really kind of uh maybe
in some way surprised all of us too.
>> Yeah. Um and and the fact that it came
from such a big deficit forecast and it
just managed to eek itself out just
above zero and just underscores I guess
the momentum that
>> has largely come back in most parts of
this uh of this economy to help us
summarize the the vibe out of yesterday.
Uh let's bring in our China economy and
government editor Alan Wong is with us
here on set to talk us through. Mostly
positive. Is that a accurate way of
describing the the budget?
>> Yeah, that's right. And then we're
seeing Hong Kong a return to a budget uh
surplus uh surprisingly early because of
really uh the red-hot stock market in
Hong Kong and there's a lot there were a
lot more trading and then the government
collected a lot more stamp duty uh from
those trading activities and uh Paul
Chan also struck a pretty confident tone
saying that that's kind that kind of
trading volume is going to continue uh
this year. So uh made a pretty rosy
forecast for government revenue as well.
Um, can we talk a bit more about what
some of the policies that came out? I
mean, it's it's it seems like when it
comes to the properties, we we're seeing
this optimism really kind of
>> reinvigorating the the equity market,
the property market that there seems to
be some sort of recovery underway. There
is this new stamp duty now on some of
these luxury homes though,
>> what what more do we know at this point
the impact it could have?
>> So, it's interesting that they set the,
you know, the increase in the stamp duty
of those properties to at the 100
million Hong Kong dollars mark. So, it's
really uh luxury property. So, we're
talking about uh lower price homes.
They're not being affected. Uh but I
think there's some property stocks that
moved because of that measure. Um it it
just reflected a couple things. One is
that there there aren't many more
cooling measures the Hong Kong
government can uh remove to support the
property market and we've seen prices
come back a little bit. Um but we're
also talking about prices re returning
to uh you know improving from a pretty
low base after three years of decline.
So it's a it's a an uh it's a positive
sign but uh how positive it is. I think
uh it's up for debate.
>> Okay. Yeah. We'll we'll we'll just have
to see how the the policies play out or
the lack of it which I guess somewhat
underscores the lack of support that is
perceived to have been needed uh to this
market here. Alan fantastic. Thank you
so much Alan Wong there. In fact, the
market's been expecting this large
recovery in the property markets. We
talked about this 10 weeks of gains
already on the hen property nine weeks
already. Let me caveat that we're set
for a 10th week of gains on the Hen
property gauge which at 10 weeks if this
holds and it looks like it will. Let's
see what happens though. Uh would be a
record weekly run going back to I think
the mid80s. But yes, this is we haven't
ever seen a 10e run here.
>> Yeah. Joining us now to talk a little
bit more about this is Alex Barnes,
Greater China co-CEO at JLLL. Um, great
to have you on the show. I mean, tell us
a bit more about this recovery first and
foremost here and how sustainable do you
think it is?
>> Yeah, so broadly we see the economy
recovering. So, we saw GDP growth 3.5%
last year. That's been driven very much
at the top end of the market. If you
look at the residential sector, the
second half of last year, we started to
see the market find its feet. So, we saw
capital values go up. We know rents are
at an all-time high and that's given us
a lot of constructive evidence to
support the fact that we think that that
the mass residential in particular will
continue to grow. This year we're
forecasting growth of at least 5%. And
if you look at how the government has
been releasing land plots for
development, you see developers are also
participating that and they're pricing
in at the higher end of market
expectation which also means developers
are constructurally positive about the
market as well. Can I just get your take
to on the very very top end of the
market, right? That stamp duty that was
tweaked to the upside. What kind of
volumes have we seen there to merit
that? And what do you think the effect
is is going to be? Apart from of course
Ivonne having to put on ice that massive
massive big investment into my big
house.
>> Yeah, good question. Last year we saw
the most number of transactions over the
$und00 million mark since 2022. And in
January already, we saw 26 transactions.
But it's a very small part of the
market. So it makes up less than less
than half a percent of all transactions.
So the real story story here is mass
residential. For that luxury segment, we
do think that the market will just cool
off for a few months in terms of its
transaction volume. But when the market
digests this change in stamp duty, it
might be four or five months. We do
think that that will start to pick up
again.
>> What's going to be driving that? I mean
people say there's this whole FOMO
effect after how many years of
correction that you know mainland buyers
are just lining up to to come in and buy
again. Is that what you're seeing?
>> Yeah, Hong Kong buyers are also
participating as well. If you look at
the firstirhand sales market, so brand
new product coming to market, we
estimate over around 50% of that is is
mainland Chinese buyers. And then there
is a real mix of the rest of the buyers
that are coming in and looking at that
market. There tends to be a correlation
as well between the uh Hangen
performance and residential and
obviously the stock market has performed
really really well. And if that
continues to perform well, that's just
another tailwind for mass residential
capital values in 2026.
>> Yeah, I think we have a chart to to show
us that in fact our our producers are
about to bring this up. Like they tend
to mirror each other in terms of
performance, which I guess is a perfect
um segue into the market's doing well.
Well, there's this massive IPO activity
taking place in the city and people talk
about how that is in fact a pipeline for
you know demand for office space which
has really seen a lot of new capacity
come online. What's your outlook on
office capacity here?
>> Yeah, so office last year was the first
year we've had structurally positive
news in let's say in central. So we had
two of the biggest deals ever done
leasing transaction wise last year uh
all in the space of a short period of
time. Okay.
>> So the market has changed. Rents have
started going up in central. It'll take
a while for that to have
>> move out. Yeah. So last year we saw
rents structurally move up by about 5%.
We're forecasting another 5% this year
in central that that is structurally a
little bit more challenging as you move
out from that. But the market does tend
to recover in central first and then it
starts to participate wider than that.
So if you look at trophy assets in the
market, some of them already have less
than 1% vacancy and we're getting back
to that period where we almost had a
waiting list in the past for some of
these buildings for for major
organizations to try and get a hold on
to. Um yeah, we we we talked about all
these sort of firms that are moving in,
right? Whether it is uh Central Yards
and the like,
>> you know, are you seeing a lot of
companies really wanting to come back to
Hong Kong and really set up office here
and and is it more I mean what's the mix
that you're seeing right now in terms of
tenants?
>> It's a really interesting mix. We we do
have some new new economy groups, crypto
and uh we've got more mainland Chinese
companies wanting to come through,
whether that's through the IPO pipeline
and having offices and expanding here.
We're starting to see a bit more of that
transactional volume. Multinationals are
also expanding as well. So those two big
deals that were done last year are
multinational companies. We're still
seeing a lot of that happening. And the
one construct that is different this
time around is that we're starting to
see more companies who are current
occupiers and tenants considering
purchasing real estate. So we think in
2026 that could be a really big trend
and that would support rents coming back
in more locations than just central
because if a big organization wants to
take out a building
>> if that building is currently tened
which a lot of them are those tenants
will have to find a new home. So
structurally it takes out a building
with with vacancy in the market and it
pushes new demand across the rest of the
city. So that could be a really big
change for 2026.
>> And what do you think is the is driving
those big ticket items? You know that
motivation to purchase is that an asset
is that because assets have been trading
on the lighter side of things or is that
just a lock in cost?
>> I think it's two things. I mean one
structurally we look at it that this is
a really strong endorsement that Hong
Kong is a place that a lot of these
companies want to be in. So they now and
then secondly they've now got an
opportunity to potentially purchase
>> real estate. Now that that won't play
out for all of those groups that are
currently looking in the market, but
we've just seen Alibaba recently take on
some real estate and there are other
organizations that are structurally
looking to do that. And now is a time
that there might be an opportunity to
prize some trophy assets for long-term
hold in the marketplace.
>> Um it's interesting to kind of see that
there might be some bottoms that are
forming in Hong Kong. Are you seeing
then any of that in in mainland China
right now?
>> Yeah, so structurally mainland China
still has over supply and it's going to
take a little bit of time for that to be
sort of fully fleshed out. Where where
we're focused at the moment is on sort
of tier one markets. And if you think
about the corporate side, there's a lot
more activity now in Shanghai, Shenzen,
new economy drivers, technology that are
starting to slowly grow those markets.
So we're quite we're quite constructive
around how that might play out over the
next couple of years.
Speaking of that, the intersection on
that on the budget is, you know, they're
the Hong Kong government seems to have
earmarked a significant amount of money
into this broader theme of AI, right?
>> And aligning it with China to China with
the 5-year plan.
>> Um, attracting AI into the AI firms into
the into the city. I'm not sure if the
Northern Metropolis goes into that, but
yes, what what about what are the
non-entral stories that we need to be
talking about here? Yeah, I think that's
that's pretty important for the
long-term future of Hong Kong to to move
past just being a a global financial
center, but the other parts of that
which are ultimately going to keep us
competitive for a long period of time.
So, we're very supportive of technology
and innovation growth in that that part
of the market. The the other story that
you know I think interweavves all of
that as well is the talent that sits in
the city and the expansion of the
education sector here which the
government has been supporting for the
last few years. That is a pipeline of
talent to attract more of these AI and
technology firms to set up in Hong Kong.
We got five of the top 100 universities.
No other city in the world can lay claim
to that and that's really valuable.
That's also providing a lot of investors
back into the market who are trying to
cater for the accommodation sector for
that. Then you've got the professors and
those are going to be setting up uh you
know incubators and new opportunities in
the market. So that that's a big part of
the market that I think is undertalked
about but is also bringing back
institutional investors to try to cater
for their expansion.
>> Um one part that has been still sore I
guess you could say is the retail
portion of real estate. Do you see that
catching up this year too?
>> Consumerism has fundamentally changed
globally and you know that's been really
hardfelt in Hong Kong. So we don't
structurally think that that is going to
change dramatically this year. We do
have more activity in the market from on
the retail side. There are some incoming
uh opportunities from mainland China
from Korea FnB firms, but it's not a
large scale. So we're still forecasting
rents to go down 5 to 10% on uh for
street level shops.
>> Alex, thank you so much for taking the
time to come. Let's do this again. Alex
Barnes there, guys. Uh co-CEO of Greater
China at JLL, right? Uh, in fact, just
on the budget and the Hong Kong story,
more coming through from yesterday, more
details, an expanded remit. Is that a
good way to put it? Clara Chan will be
joining us, of course. She's the CEO of
HKIC at those times. Let's call it 24
hours from today. Plenty more ahead.
This is number.
All right, we're giving you now live
pictures out of Seoul this morning. The
Bank of Korea Governor Chyongi is
currently speaking after, of course, its
latest rate decision to keep things
unchanged. Uh he's talked a little bit
more about, you know, what happens when
it comes to the tariff side of things
given, of course, this Supreme Court
ruling. He says, look, it will have
limited impact uh so far. Uh but really
the the the main headline really that
came through I believe is is really
their expected to keep rates on hold at
around 2 and a.5% uh through most of
this year if not you know all of this
year according to our Bloomberg
economics. So uh with even hikes
according to our economists could begin
in 2027
as well.
>> Yeah that the next move could be
>> yes higher
>> higher uh but we'll need to wait a lot
of time and some time before that
actually happens. uh just to also
mention and this is something
interesting too right this intersection
between this massive rally in the equity
market which comes through in the form
of memory the export side of things that
to his point remains largely unscathed
by the tariff story so this AI
frenzy that's taking place in Korea
continues to give this is Bloomberg
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to lunch break in just a
moment here. Uh you are seeing equity
markets uh catching a bid here this
morning. But then again, you take a look
at some of these Nvidia suppliers. They
might be going the opposite direction
here today. Uh but it's interesting to
see that we're coming off some of the
initial, you know, sort of highs that we
saw with dollar yen after what we heard
from Taka Iichi with her kind of two
recommendations to the BOJ board. So
that was taken more of a doubbish tilt.
We did see dollar yen hit 156 levels at
one point here. We're coming off that
just slightly here right now.
>> Yeah, she is turning out to be uh what
my favorite romcom movie. Uh she turned
out to be a dove actually. There we go.
Um, let's
>> Is that the wrong call?
>> You just got that right.
>> Dove.
>> Love actually.
>> Oh, love actually. Sorry. I thought you
meant Dove.
>> Who let the doves out? Um, let's get
let's have a look at Asian markets right
now. 810 of 1% to the upside. I think
interesting really is in case this
actually falls through the cracks. very
important story that's taking place
given the Nvidia results is well it
might fall into because of the Nvidia
results is separately lithium prices
lithium stocks are absolutely lit today
u Zimbabwe banning concentrate exports
it played out already in the US it's
playing out very sharply and noticeably
in the Asia Pacific coming up very
shortly also across the big Chinese
names whether that's upstream downstream
there we go in fact on the downstream
side of things it being felt as far as
the battery makers are concerned. But
yes, Teni, lithium, gangfong up all up
about 4%.
>> Yeah, bringing it back to the whole AI
trade, right? It it's interesting. We we
were talking to Beth Kend saying, you
know, despite these Nvidia earnings
looking good, I think the market is
still quite fatigued and we're still
kind of dealing with this whole kind of
AI scare trade right now. Is AI actually
your friend or actually a foe? And it's
interesting, you know, one tiny firm
like Centrini Research can trigger such
a meltdown
>> as we saw, right? because you know
you're getting a lot of backlash on on
of course that report
>> that we did speak to of course the
co-author Alab Sha yesterday about you
know the White House saying it's science
fiction you have you know Morgan Stanley
saying it's actually mean there's more
opportunities for stock pickers out
there as well but let's play a little
clip about what he said on the China
show yesterday
>> the market right now is trying to digest
this idea that AI has gotten a lot more
powerful in the last 6 months and it's
going to start changing not you know
it's not just going to acrew to the
benefit of uh you know every corporation
and you know every foundation lab and
every semiconductor company but instead
it's starting to disperse and figure out
hey who are the winners going to be and
who are the losers going to be.
>> Yeah and it it raises the question we
don't know what to think about AI
anymore. What is the narrative? It used
to be about oh you know all this
investment is it really going to be
fruitful? Are we going to get that ROI?
And now it's like oh gosh
>> if we get the ROI everyone else is in
trouble
>> and then everyone else is going to you
know go bankrupt or whatnot. So it's so
it's so extreme all these scenarios. Uh
but certainly you know there's a lot of
questions on what this means because
there's still that disparity that you're
seeing here with in Asia right when you
continue to see us and Wall Street
scared over the sort of uh how fast AI
is growing. In fact, I had a friend that
messaged me after that interview and
said, "Look, it almost kind of feels
like the start of co once again that
there's a start of something that is
going to change massively
>> to a point that it's almost structural."
>> And and she asked if you know the
sentiment is the same in this part of
the world and I and I couldn't quite say
to that degree right now.
>> Yeah. Like there's something big that's
happening. You you feel you know what's
happening.
>> You feel it's in the air but you don't
can't quite understand what's
>> says two years from now which is not too
far away.
>> No, not at all. Not at all. I think the
point also just to counterbalance that
point right Beth Kindig and I think most
of the push back that's come in the last
24 hours on the back of the research is
the people seem to uh underestimate the
positives that AI will bring so while it
could create
>> unemployment it creates cost savings it
create now
>> and entrepreneurship
>> and entrepreneurship because it creates
new avenues for people to put stuff up
right but anyway um just to underscore
it's a hot debate and it's probably
somewhere in between the reality of to
this year. Now, speaking of how can we
forget memory, right? Korean stocks have
been among the best performers this
year. In fact, we're almost at March and
this market has closed lower, get this,
only six times so far in 2026. Why am I
talking about the Cosby index when this
is really two companies SKH Highix and
Samsung electronics? Meanwhile, US tech
firms have lagged amid fears of the
impact of AI.
>> Yeah, Shoul Run has a writing about this
in her latest column, right? and she
says this divergence shows it's time to
rethink some longheld investing myths.
She's here to tell us a bit more. So you
talked about these sort of paradigms
that need to be rewritten. First of all,
you're talking about book value is now
worth something. What do you mean by
that?
>> So in the past US was undis undisputed
world's favorite stock market, right?
Because it's SLI. It has tons of uh
software and the data services companies
and people loved it because uh these
software companies they have a lot of
recurring revenue. So I can kind of
project two years down the road that
what kind of a earnings growth I I can
expect to see and because of that kind
of earnings visibility they get higher
valuation and on the other side of the
scale we have Asian industrial companies
like Sens Highex or or some some names
in Japan and China. The the problem with
them is that the industrial companies
are seen to be very cyclical to follow
the global macroeconomic business cycles
and therefore they have no earnings
visibility and therefore even though
these companies have a lot of factories
and the knowhow they they have very low
valuation. This whole AI scare trade is
turning that whole narrative around.
What we are starting to realize that the
software companies recurring revenue may
not be recurring at all. they can be
easily disrupted and on the other on the
other hand we have heard about the
memory chips super cycle right Samsung
and highex they have their supplies
completely booked by the end of 2027 it
could even go into 2028 so the narrative
now is that instead of s being cyclical
they are in a super cycle
>> so what you see is that uh you know like
Asian markets are doing so well
especially in North Asia
>> that's interesting because it if you
think about it it's fully booked until
next year. That's uh as good as
recurring revenue as you can get,
>> right?
>> What What about the second myth?
>> The second myth is that the uh countries
with low birth rates are just not that
great. The idea was that okay, we we
know Korea, Japan, and China, people are
not having children, right? And the idea
was that okay, because of the labor
shortage, it's going to cap the GDP
growth and also older people don't spend
as much as younger people. So it's going
to cap everything like consumer spending
everything right but you can also turn
that narrative around and say that okay
because of the labor shortage all these
North Asian countries they're going to
adopt to robotics and AI a lot more
right and we're seeing that robotics
adoption in South Korea and China and
Japan are ahead of the US and going
forward instead of talking about SAS uh
software as a service like uh workday or
IBM we're going to talk about RAS
robot as a service. So basically
everyone like will have a robotic
household uh uh housekeepers right like
and and North Asia is just more suited
for robotics.
So do you think what we're seeing the
market reaction do you think some it's
quite exaggerated some are calling this
Satrini research just pure fiction
>> you know do you think that there is some
value or at least just you know
warranted that what we saw in the last
couple weeks when it comes to this clear
trade
>> I I totally think so I think uh like the
the AI ready is still continuing as we
see in South Korea and Japan uh and to
some extent in China but the kind of AI
companies that are going to benefit are
going to be different. We are going to
look at the uh the upstream of the
supply chain because they they just they
already you're already seeing the
earnings whereas going downstream all
the LMS we don't know when they're going
to make money at all.
>> Shulie, thank you so much. You can check
out Shulie's piece of course out of
Bloomberg opinion our columnist there uh
the AI scare trade chatters two
investing myths. It's on the Bloomberg
terminal. It's also available on
Bloomberg.com.
Okay, let's uh take you straight back to
this ongoing Bank of Korea press
briefing which has in fact turned out to
be quite market moving when you look at
the bond uh futures are coming up on
your screens to the upside. So yields
are pushing uh down as the government
well as as the governor himself has uh
commented quite directly on the spread
between the government bonds and the
policy rate right now. he is phrasing it
as excessive uh and that's really
leading to the snapping back of the
yield curve or the pricing up on bond
futures as you can see on your screen.
>> Yeah. And really talking about the dot
plot as well. Um and really no board
member sees a need to raise the rates in
next the next 3 months or so. But they
do the dot plot shows concerns about the
currency about oil prices for example as
opposed to growth worries is what
they're saying here right now. and the
output gap still negative this year, but
it might be a smaller sort of gap
according to the governor. So, yeah,
some pretty interesting sort of lines
there. They're still seeing that output
gap could be turning positive in the
second half of next year. All right,
we'll leave that there. We'll bring you
a little bit more uh once we do see some
lines coming through from BK. Another AI
news this morning as well. Alibaba
stepping up its push into AI powered
software coding by offering lowcost
access to several of its top models.
Users can access these products for just
over $1 for the first month. Alibaba's
cloud unit says it has begun selling
tools built on the group's own
open-source model, Quen 3.5. It's also
using platforms from startups including
JUPU, Moonshot AI, and Miniax. Reuters
is reporting that Deep Seek's latest AI
model was trained on Nvidia's Blackwell
AI chip. Now, it quotes US officials
saying that Deep Seek removed technical
indicators that might reveal its use of
American AI chips. The Chinese embassy
in Washington told Reuters that Beijing
opposes drawing ideological lines,
expansive use of export controls, and
politicizing economic trade and
technological issues. Investment firm
General Atlantic is reportedly selling a
stake in China's bite dance that values
the parent company of Tik Tok at $550
billion. Now according to Reuters, the
sale process was started in recent weeks
with the aim of finalizing it next
month. Reported deal highlights
sustained investor interest in the
company.
>> Right. Coming up here on the China show,
the drug making units South Korean
conglomerate Latte is of the
conglomerate that is here seeking to
take advantage of what it expects will
be a global supply chain shift away from
China. We hear exclusively from the CEO
of Latte Biologics coming through next.
Right. The pharma arm of uh Korean
congar latte is is betting on growth
from a substantial shift in the global
order here in terms of capacity or
pharma production away from mainland
China. The CEO James Park told us
exclusively that acquiring a facility in
New York has positioned the company as
an alternative for pharma firms looking
to derisk their supply chains. We have
more from our co-anchor Sher.
>> I'm here in Chamir, Central Soul, home
to Lote Group's flagship assets. It's
hotel, amusement park, shopping mall,
cinema. They're all mainstay businesses
for one of Korea's oldest and largest
conglomerates. The group is now carrying
out a major overhaul, betting on growth
drivers and shedding underperforming
assets.
Lotus chemical and retail businesses
have been pressured by the global
prochemical downturn and sluggish
domestic demand. LO Chemical posted
another year in the red in 2025 with a
1.7 billion net loss. The conglomerate
is now offloading non-core and overseas
assets to shore up its balance sheet and
pivot to growth. At its core, Lo
Biologics with a group betting on its
contract development and manufacturing
business as a key future engine.
>> We're focusing on the CDMO because we
have expertise and in execution and we
have a history of a chemical division as
well as customer focused uh as well in
you know hotel and retail business that
you know we're well known for last 50
years. So again we could combine those
technical and science with the customer
focused and CDM is the right area and
then the bio industry is also growing as
well. So we feel it's the right uh area
of focus for note group
>> but because of that there are so many
other players as well including
domestically Samsung biologic cell and
of course globally as well as a new
entrance and you're very young only what
uh four years four years 2022 you
launched
>> how do you compete
>> that's a good question uh you know we
are late boomer but I think one of the
things that we could differentiate is we
do have a you know BMS legacy facility
that we purchased purchased uh three
years ago in Syracuse and New York who
has a rich history and heritage of a
biological product manufacturing. So we
that's the differentiating factor and
then again we cross train from Syracuse
as well as a Sung facility that is
coming online. So there's a tremendous
opportunity for us to work together uh
and cross trainining and get ready for
you know production in Sung facility
later on in 2027. Are there any benefits
to the supply chain realignment for Lot
Biologics especially if we consider the
likes of the new biosecure act that may
uh hinder some of those Chinese
competitors from the US market?
>> Absolutely. We have seen a little bit of
surge in terms of our candidate pool uh
who may have used you know Chinese-based
CDMO uh wanting to come to US for US
manufacturing mainly for you know
clinical study in the US. It'll be
easier from the restoration perspective
to have a clinical supplies manufactured
in the US for US patients. So from that
perspective we're getting some
attraction and also from the European uh
pharmaceutical companies again because
of this pressure they want to have
opportunity to manufacture uh in the US
as well for the US uh patients. So uh
definitely we're getting some you know
positive attractions for our Syracuse
site. When you look at the customer
demographics and across regions,
are US clients the most important at
this point? Is that the most active
part?
>> I think so. I mean, again, generally
speaking, US is the biggest market. Uh,
so there's a lot of big pharma companies
there. But certainly there's also, you
know, strong presence of Korean
pharmaceutical companies as well.
>> Could eventually China market also be
available?
>> I think so. But you know because of the
current environment I think that would
be a little bit more challenging. Uh but
we're not going to ignore because I
think China has you know those areas
where you know bio similar uh
development they're very quick on. So
depending on uh you know availability uh
in China CDMO versus what we could
deliver from the you know Asia market as
well as the rest of the world. Fridays.
>> And that was the Latte Biologic CEO
James Park speaking exclusively to
Sherry in Soul. In some of the corporate
news this morning, UBS strategists say
the private credit sector could see
default rates surge as high as 15%,
which is 2 percentage points more than
the firm's forecast less than a month
ago. And they expect the worst case
scenario for defaults to happen if AI
triggers an aggressive disruption among
corporate borrowers. Warnings about
private credit have been building in
recent days, stirring comparisons to the
2008 financial crisis. Salesforce fell
an extended trade after the company gave
a lukewarm outlook for growth. It sees
revenue hitting around $46 billion in
the new fiscal year, which was in line
with analyst estimates, but still failed
to impress investors. The forecast is
fueling Wall Street's worries that
software giants will lose out to new
competitors in the age of AI. Quantis
has posted record first half profit as
it accilerates a major fleet overhaul.
The airline is replacing aging domestic
jets with new Airbus aircraft, helping
drive net earnings up more than 5% to
just over 1 billion US. Quantis has
taken delivery of about 40 new planes so
far with the upgrades boosting Jet
Star's profit as well. The CEO Vanessa
Hudson says travel demand remains
strong.
>> Yeah, in fact, we're going to head
straight to the corner office cockpits.
uh with the CEO of the airline joining
us at those times on your screen. So
stay tuned for that as Vanessa Hudson
joins inside Amen in just over 30
minutes from now.
All right, we're still tracking of
course what happened during the Lunar
New Year holiday here and you know we
start to see more of this data come
through here and and and really that
record number of domestic trips uh and
dur tourism spending but it still seems
like the sell aside is not too
convinced. They're saying you know maybe
they're still a bit disappointed here
and the numbers really do mask the
underlying weakness that we're seeing in
household consumption. Let's bring in
Mman Low. been tracking all things here
on on just a snapshot of what we've been
seeing across some of the indicators so
far.
>> Yeah, I think the numbers are really
very rosy. If you look at the headline
numbers when it comes to tourism
spending, for example, over 800 billion
UN, it's a doubledigit increase about
18% higher on year. That's the tourism
spending. And then if you look at the
number of trips made, cross regional
passenger trips was up about 8 over a
percent on year. Crossborder trips, the
overseas trips, that's up about 10% on
year. But then you got to think about
how this year's Luna New Year holiday is
also the longest on record. There are 9
days instead of 8 8 days last year. Some
years it's just 7 days. So Evercore
calculated if you break it down into
spending per trip or implicit spending
per trip, they said it's still below the
record high that we got last year. So
spending per trip is still stagnant. And
another data point to look at is the box
office numbers. That is extremely weak,
the weakest since 2019. And this is
often seen as a bell weather for
consumption although it could sometimes
also be distorted depending on whether
there are blockbuster movies good
content in the cinema. So here you can
see on this chart it is uh the weakest
since co 19 broke out in in China. So
overall the numbers uh is looking a
little bit mixed and uh perhaps also
reinforcing those calls for more
stimulus from the government.
>> All right women thank you tracking all
those things for us uh box office
railway trips and the like here. So
yeah, maybe not as rosy as the headline
numbers suggest, but certainly that's
one thing to watch uh very closely. Uh
in some of the world news this morning,
US Trade Representative Jameson Greer
says President Trump will sign a
directive raising his global tariff rate
to 15% where appropriate. He describes
the move as a way to maintain continuity
with countries that already have trade
agreements. The US administration plans
a 150day window for additional trade
investigations that could result in more
permanent and targeted tariffs.
So our goal with all of this is to have
continuity. Uh so we want to have the
10% and it'll and we're looking about
how to implement the 15% that the
president indicated because we want to
have continuity. We want the countries,
we want the companies, we want people to
understand that what we were doing
before, we're going to reconstruct with
alternative tools because we want to
keep going, maintain the policy. We'll
just have a change in the legal
implementing authorities.
Cuba says a speedboat it fired at near
its coast was carrying armed Cuban
exiles intent on entering the country to
fight against the government. The
Interior Ministry in Havana says four
people on the boat were killed as Cuban
security forces returned fire when the
Florida tagged boat shot at a border
patrol. Now, a Cuban commander was
wounded along with six people on the
speedboat. The incident may escalate an
already tense standoff between the
nations.
>> I'm not even going to speculate as to
what it could have been. It's a wide
range of things. Suffice it to say, it
is highly unusual to see shootouts
in open sea like that. It's not
something that happens every day. It's
something, frankly, that hasn't happened
with Cuba uh in a very long time. Uh and
uh but um but we're going to find out.
We're not going to base our conclusions
on what they've told us,
>> right? You're looking at some share
prices of a lot of banks across the
region. Uh as you can see, most of these
are in Singapore. Uh there's a story out
right now. You can check that out for
our Bloomberg clients. Uh should be out
on the terminal. Should be out as well
on the website. Uh that some of Asia's
biggest banks are lining up bids for
HSBC's assets in Indonesia. You can look
at the story there for more details on
that. HSBC of course reporting earnings
yesterday. Still up on your screens 1.7%
here uh in Hong Kong. Chip stocks coming
up in focus too given the Nvidia
earnings which actually were very good.
uh apart from the fact that the markets
did not see them as very good. Um
Samsung is up 4.6%
and a lot of the supply chain mostly
still a Korea story. It's not playing
out as far as as you can see Japan is
concerned there of course uh in list in
Japan its biggest supplier that's in
Japan. Uh it's also not playing out to
the extent you're seeing in in Taiwan as
well. All right, before we wrap up the
show, MCI Hong Kong outperforming still
Shanghai comp down a little bit. Still
near Chenny Harris on that. And yeah,
that's it from us here on the China
show. We will see you all tomorrow.